
vMixMonitor

Is a app to monitor the status of vMix display for a confidence monitor for the team on stage.

There are Four status labels

1. Stream Status:  STREAMING | OFFLINE | NOT CONNECTED
 at top of the screen
		STREAMING - there is alive stream that is live. RED on Black background
		OFFLINE - No stream is live. Dark Grey on light Blue background.
		NOT CONNECTED - vMixMonitor does not see the instance of vMIx at the provided URL. Dark Grey on light Blue background.
2. Timer Status:  Shows count down clock when running, LIVE streaming and timer has completed, Outro content Active
 middle of screen
		TIMER when streaming is BLACK numbers Minute:Seconds.Hundreds of Sec
		TIMER is Green and flashing with testing when not streaming.


3.  Active Input displays the name of the Input that is currently selected active in vMix.
 lower left 
4. MIC Status:  Shows the audio input status any volume greater than 0.  MIC LIVE | MIC OFF | DISCONNECTED
 lower right



At the top of the application is setup link and help link.

Setup displays the dialog to set the values of the vMIx inputs to be used in monitoring.

		vMixURL -  the web address of the vmix api - open vMix > Settings > Web controller section to obtain this address and the port number. (restart vMixMonitor)

		Timer Input -  The title of the Timer input you are using in vMix*.  We use a 5 minute mp4 clip that is an overlay to our welcome slide or playlist. 
						*Note: this value only has to be contained in the title of the vMix input. So you can have multiple timers if you uses a naming convention of "Count Timer 1 5 MIN", "Count Timer 2 2 MIN", ... you can use which ever timer fits your needs at the time of production.
		Audio Input - Title of your vMix Input the has the FOH feed. Or you can use the Master Audio Output by checking the box.

		Outro Input - Title of the camera or input that will play at the end of a stream.



About

	Help - displays this document.

We use this app to provide our worship team and pastor with a monitor that helps them see the state of the Live Broadcast.

The current scneraio that we have is 5 minutes until a service starts the timer is started as an overlay vMix while a Welcome Slide or Playlist is presented. The worship team begins their first song. Then our Streams to Facebook and Youtube are started.
When the timer completes we fade to a live camera and our live production is underway.

At the end of the service our pastor will have a closing prayer using a shortcut in vMix we can cut from the live cameras to and kill the main FOH audio feed to bring up the audio of the Outro camera or input.  Then we can end the Facebook and Youtube streams.

This currently running on mini-computer from Amazon and old flat screen monitor. 

vMix is  Copyright © StudioCoast Pty Ltd
vMixMonitor is an open source project and is not affiliated with vMix.

You can reach out to the programmers through the github repository.  Submitting a bug or feature request.

	